like he has a money? and connections? orchestra?
okay Wow.
Wait, that's like...
No wait, how (***) see
He was a grad student? He was like 24, 25? (***)
That's still not good.
that is definitely a power pass, he's a TA
He got (***)
Yeah
So they've been together for a while.
oh i say guest lectures
That's not really a relationship, though. Yeah, it's just like, you guys.
Thank you.
So how is she even gonna find one? She's gonna go look for a TA?
That's real. I mean, sure. I mean, Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
yeah like she wants to be chased
(***) classmate
Oh really?
So how would that even be? It's like a Wyatt moment.
you're gonna fall in love with her
ohhh
Oh!
Okay,
Okay, but she likes him?
what she (***)
ahh
Have fun.
Is she gonna do that?
oh
wait (***)
Wait, isn't this more like, isn't this like, she's like the TA? You know what I mean, like the T-A-L-A? I mean-
She's a TA in this scenario.
oh
But she doesn't know him anyway They don't even know each other that well.
Yeah, also like even if he just raves, it's not like that's his whole life.
He'll just go to have fun.
Is he like from Irvine? Not Irvine, sorry, like OC, like...
You can see that stereotypical OC Raver, whatever, whatever.
Oh! Wait.
you said that
Oh.
Is he like yellow from the hair?
Wait, she only likes white guys?
white guys (***) type
I mean, I didn't grow up on anything
Yeah, that doesn't mean anything.
She's from Irvine? Maybe she just hates them
She grew up there and she's like, no.
Damn white people beings are crazy
oh
what is your (***)
He has to look like- I mean, well he doesn't have to, but I'm saying like, it's probably easier.
(***) that girl like that
Is he tall?
he has all vibes oh sorry
she like (***)
or like, like Rossi
Oh. He's white.
In for.